---
title: 17-9-18
layout: post
author: adam.duffy-castaldo
permalink: /17-9-18/
source-id: 1xtnNW-yS5K-5Beip9KWs_0QG1F4L30iub1gqVwA3YrE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting Python</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>17-9-18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I have never done or learned python in my life before this point.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To achieve the work set by Mr Burn in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes I did achieve my goal.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>How did you use your learning habits this week?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Persevering</td>
    <td>I did persevere as some of the questions on codecademy were difficult and hard to answer first time so that I had to persevere to get it right.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Questioning?</td>
    <td>No I didn't as I did not want to ruin my learning by asking unnecessary questions that didn’t need to be answered.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Independence</td>
    <td>Yes I was independent in this lesson as it required a lot of independence and self intuition.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reflecting</td>
    <td>I did reflect this lesson as I had to otherwise I would not be able to answer the questions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Engagement</td>
    <td>I was incredibly engaged as it was an engaging lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What could have gone better in your learning?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Firstly, I could have asked more questions, even though I should be trying them myself first I can still Learn from my peers. Also I can spend extra time at home learning even more into the subject so that I can come into the lesson prepared.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What changes do you need to make to improve your learning next time?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I can answer more questions, and ask more questions that way not only I benefit from other people’s experience, but they benefit from mine.</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
</table>


